
# August 27, 2024
Today, I created my first GitHub account and repository. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects!
# September 4, 2024 
The three sensors that are found on the spehero bolt are compass sensor, ambient light sensor, and infrared sensor.
The sephro bolt compass sensor while also using a magnetometer, this allows the sphero robot to know the location it is going to once placed on the ground. The magnetometer is designed to measure the magnetism of the surface the shepro robot is placed on. Then once the measure of magnetic field helps the robot to identify the magnetic north. This is why we can use Sphero Bolt as a compass.
# September 11, 2024 
In this lesson I didn't really understand it, once I read the instructions I started to understand the lesson a bit more. A step I didn't know how to do was copy and paste the code into the "start program". My partner was also confused on what to do but I help them figure out how to copy and paste. Once we finished the Sphero Bolt.
# September 17, 2024
This is a free week.
# September 20, 2024
Today I have completed the "create a 3D T-Rex game"
# September 24, 2024
How does precision affect the outcome of the program? Precision affects the outcome of the program because if your not precisce with the codes then it will impact your final program which can lead to multiple issues. What can happen if steps or details are missed in coding? It will affect your program by not working to its full potential also it will create issues. Why is it important to develop good habits of attention to detail early in your coding journey? Its essential to develop good habits of attention to detail in my coding journeu because it will help me accomplish and complete codes more easily and less stress which reduces mistakes within my codes.
# September 30, 2024
One daily activity that is conistent within my daily routine is watching netflix while doing homework. Computer science impacts my life indirectly because there are codes behind the app netflix to watch movies within the app itself. MY daily life would be awesome since I love going home and watching netflix therefore it is relaxing to do my homework and netflix. To summerize computer science is everywhere in my daily routine, i'm a screen addict when I am at home and at school so it affects me significantly.
# October 7, 2024
Job title: What is the job or career path your reserched? A career path that I researched is Software engineer. Job description: what are the main responsibilites or tasks for this role? A software engineer typically inslide designing, developing, and maintaining software applications. In this position you would collaborate with cross functional teams to define and implement new features, troubleshoot and debug softwar issues. Also and write and esure to maintain a technical documentation. Skills REquired What programming languages tools, ir skills are importantfor this position? To succeed as a Spftware engineer it is important to be profecient in several programming lanugages such as Java, Python, and Java Script etc.
# October 18, 2024
Coding can help improve skills by letting you know what you need to work on and how you can improve on that skill you are currently doing at the moment while writing a code. Understanding code can help you in industries by helping you or your fellow workers during their work time to help them improve on what they need to work on or what you all can do together while working. Coding helps you be creative because you can create different type of things different type of games and you can collaberate with people if your working on it with some different people so it will help you build a bettter experience with other people if you are working with anyone/ It will also help you figure out some different creative things.
# October 21, 2024
Ai can help improve efficiency in some buissnesses because it can help some people while working or help others in their daily life. Ai can sometimes be a risk to jobs or buissnesses because it could cause harm or be used to black mail some people or show things that aren't supposed to be shown.
# October 28, 2024
computer science and technology impacts the election process significantly because now with the technology we use it makes the process to run smother and efficiently. One positive impact is that it makes the process to run faster. One potential challenge is that for elderly people they may not know how to vote since now we can online they may not know how to access it and some individuals may not have access to internet which creates a barrier
# November 4, 2024
PRotecting person and sensitive information when publishing online I crucial due to the potential risk assosicated with data breaches, identity theft, abd pravacy violations. Sharing to much information can lead to unwanted explotation making it essential to be cautious about what we disclose. TO ensure the information shared on platforms like Github or social media remains secure several steps can be taken. First using a stron unique password and enabling 2 factor authentication can enhance security. I have never shared something online but if I had it would be immediatly dealt it and from my brain. Balancing openness and callaboration in online spaces especially in coding requires a thought full approach it is possible to engage with others while maintaining privacy by using only relevant information and providing personal identifiers.
